Update docs to include java instructions (#166)
DataDog/datadog-cdk-constructs: README.md

| `addLayers` | `add_layers` | Whether to add the Lambda Layers or expect the user to bring their own. Defaults to true. When true, the Lambda Library version variables are also required. When false, you must include the Datadog Lambda library in your functions' deployment packages. |
| `pythonLayerVersion` | `python_layer_version` | Version of the Python Lambda layer to install, such as 21. Required if you are deploying at least one Lambda function written in Python and `addLayers` is true. Find the latest version number [here][5]. |
| `nodeLayerVersion` | `node_layer_version` | Version of the Node.js Lambda layer to install, such as 29. Required if you are deploying at least one Lambda function written in Node.js and `addLayers` is true. Find the latest version number from [here][6]. |

> | `javaLayerVersion` | `java_layer_version` | Version of the Java layer to install, such as 8. Required if you are deploying at least one Lambda function written in Java and `addLayers` is true. Find the latest version number from [here][15]. Note: `extensionLayerVersion >= 25` and `javaLayerVersion >= 5` is required for the Datadog construct to instrument your Java functions properly. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `javaLayerVersion` | `java_layer_version` | Version of the Java layer to install, such as 8. Required if you are deploying at least one Lambda function written in Java and `addLayers` is true. Find the latest version number in the [Serverless Java installation documentation][15]. **Note**: `extensionLayerVersion >= 25` and `javaLayerVersion >= 5` are required for the Datadog construct to instrument your Java functions properly. |
```
